Copyleft 2015 Carlos Thompson

This is still not an standard license.

DISCLAIMER
This software is distributed AS IS.  No responsibility may be inferred
to the author for any damage produced by this software unless a support
contract has been subscribed and the software is used as per the support
contract.

PERMISIONS
The user may use this software for their own purposes, as final user, or
to modify and redistribute this piece of software for both commercial
and non-commercial purposes, as longer as no copyright or copyleft note
is removed or masked.

OBLIGATIONS
Redistribution of unmodified versions of this software MUST keep this
license.

Modifications that can be regarded as bug-fixing SHOULD be sent back to
the Author and if sent the bug-fix MUST be free. The modified version
MAY be redistributed with this or any free license. When the bug fix is
incorporated to the main branch, it will keep this original license.

Modifications that can be regarded as minor feature enhancements, SHOULD
be sent back to the Author for inclusion in future versions. The
modified version MAY be redistributed with this or any free license.
If the modification is incorporated to the main branch, it will keep
this original license.

A modification is regarded as minor feature enhancement if the overall
functionality of the package is still recognisable.

A modification can be regarded as plugin if the original code is not
modified. Plugins can be licensed as pleased. A version that is enhanced
with plugins can be distributed under the license the version compiler
wants as longer as the original (or fixed or monirly enhanced) code
keeps this or any other free license.

A modification that is regarded as major only requires that the original
Author is credited.

If you make money from this software and plan to keep using it you are
encourage to do at least any of the following actions:
 * wire me 1% (or more) of your profit.
 * buy me a soft-drink or a lunch.
 * send me a (non-electronic) postcard.
 * hire me.
 * tell me your success story.
 
RELICENSING
If this license is changed in any future for a more restrictive license,
any version of the software that was acquire before the relicensing can
be used, distributed or modified according to this original license.

If this license is changed in any future for a less restrictive license,
that license will also apply to past versions of the package.
